                                       LIST OF PROGRAMS
1. Create a new process by invoking the appropriate system call. Get the process identifier of the currently running process and its respective parent using system calls and display the same using a C program.
2. Identify the system calls to copy the content of one file to another and illustrate the same using a C program.
3. Design a CPU scheduling program with C using First Come First Served technique with the following considerations. 
a. All processes are activated at time 0. 
b. Assume that no process waits on I/O devices.
4. Construct a scheduling program with C that selects the waiting process with the smallest execution time to execute next.
5. Illustrate the deadlock avoidance concept by simulating Banker’s algorithm with C. 
6. Construct a C program to simulate producer-consumer problem using semaphores.  
7. Construct a C program to simulate the First in First Out paging technique of memory management.
8. Construct a C program to simulate the Least Recently Used paging technique of memory management.
9. Construct a C program to simulate the optimal paging technique of memory management  
10. Consider a file system where the records of the file are stored one after another both physically and logically. A record of the file can only be accessed by reading all the previous records.  Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
11. Consider a file system that brings all the file pointers together into an index block. The ith entry in the index block points to the ith block of the file. Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
12. With linked allocation, each file is a linked list of disk blocks; the disk blocks may be scattered anywhere on the disk. The directory contains a pointer to the first and last blocks of the file.  Each block contains a pointer to the next block. Design a C program to simulate the file allocation strategy.
13. Construct a C program to simulate the First Come First Served disk scheduling algorithm.  
14. Illustrate the various File Access Permission and different types users in Linux  
15. Study the features and deployment processes of Xen and VMware on Linux.
Additional Programs
1.To write a C program for implementation of Round Robin scheduling algorithms.
2.To write a c program to simulate the CPU scheduling with priority algorithm
3. To write a c program to implement IPC using shared memory
4. To write a C program for implementation memory allocation methods for fixed partition using first fit.
5. To write a C program for implementation memory allocation methods for fixed partition using Best fit.
6. To Write a C program to simulate the concept of Dining-Philosophers problem.
7. To Write a C program To implement deadlock prevention technique
8. To Write a C program to simulate SCAN disk scheduling algorithms 
9. To Write a C program to simulate C-SCAN disk scheduling algorithms 
10. To write C program to organize the file using single level directory.

